- fix stroke paths: Marker paths are the biggest risk. Even with RDP, complex strokes can produce 50+ points × 2 floats × 2 coords. That's ~800 bytes per stroke uncompressed. Store at reduced precision (2 decimal places max).

1. Is 70% Confidence Good Enough?
No. Not really — but it's the right starting point for a graceful system.

70% sounds like a passing grade. In practice, it means you're auto-applying restorations where nearly 1 in 3 signals disagrees. For an eraser specifically, that's a dangerous tolerance — a false positive means you silently delete something the user didn't intend to delete on this reload.

The real problem is that the threshold is binary and uniform across wildly different site behaviors:

A static documentation site (MDN, Stripe docs) → virtually zero churn. 70% is overkill.
A news homepage (NYT, Reddit) → DOM restructures on every deploy. 70% is reckless.
A React SPA that dynamically renders based on server state → anchors may be irreproducible.
Site refactoring is brutal. A major redesign can blow out every anchor simultaneously:

IDs get renamed or dropped
XPaths change as layout structure changes
Text content gets reworded, internationalized, or A/B tested
Visual geometry shifts with responsive redesigns
A site like Reddit or Twitter does rolling deployments daily. Your confidence scores could degrade to 30% across the board overnight, and nothing tells the user.

The deeper issue: confidence is a signal about which anchor field survived, not about whether the right element was found. A 90% match that resolves to the wrong element (because a sibling element inherited the same ID after a CMS change) is worse than a 65% match that correctly finds the target. The score is a proxy, not a guarantee.

2. Options for Dealing with Churn
Here are practical strategies, ranked by implementation effort:

A. Domain-Aware Staleness Tracking (low effort, high value) Record the last successful restoration timestamp per domain. If a domain hasn't had a successful restoration in 30 days, badge it as "stale" in the Sites history page. At minimum, you know the data is aging.

B. Re-identification on User Visit (medium effort) When confidence drops below threshold, instead of silently skipping, store a needsReview: true flag. On next visit, surface a subtle floating indicator: "1 edit on this page couldn't be found — tap to review." Let the user either dismiss it (abandon the edit) or re-pin it by clicking the element they meant.

C. The "Snapshot Hash" Strategy (medium effort) At save time, also record a hash of the parent DOM subtree neighborhood (not just the element). On restore, if the anchor resolves but the hash doesn't match, flag it as potentially drifted rather than confident. This adds a secondary sanity check independent of the layered confidence score.

D. Passive Drift Detection (harder) Keep a lightweight record of which anchors restored successfully on the previous visit. On the next visit, compare. If previously-healthy anchors are now failing, the page likely changed. Surface a domain-level warning: "This site may have been redesigned."

E. User-Pinnable Re-anchoring UI (hardest, most trustworthy) The broken anchor review workflow you described in the original product plan but cut: amber highlight + tooltip confirmation. This is the right long-term answer. When anchors fail, show the best candidate in amber and ask the user to confirm or re-select. It respects user intent and builds trust.

The toast notification you added (better than before, as you note) is the right short-term move. The amber re-pinning workflow is where you eventually want to land.

3. Is a Separate Floating UI for Anomalies Worth It?
Yes — but scope it tightly.

A full "Edit Review" panel would be over-engineering for an MVP. But a persistent floating chip (not a toast — toasts disappear) for broken-anchor sessions has real value:

┌─────────────────────────────────┐
│  V  2 edits couldn't be applied │  [Review]  ✕
└─────────────────────────────────┘
Persists until dismissed (unlike a toast)
"Review" opens a modal listing the failed anchors with their last-known description
User can delete stale anchors or attempt to manually re-pin
The human-readable data problem (your ["github.com"].items[19] example) is real. A raw anchor object tells a user nothing. They need something like:

"Erased: sidebar nav element — last seen at github.com/pulls"

That means you need to store at save time:

A short human-readable description (e.g., element.tagName + textContent?.slice(0, 40))
The URL it was applied to
The action type
That description doesn't need to be long. "DIV · Trending repositories" is 26 bytes. At scale across hundreds of edits, this adds maybe 50–200 bytes per item — well within budget. The description field is worth storing. It's the thing that makes the broken-anchor review workflow humane.










6. DOM Restructuring — Drag to Reorder Elements
Is it possible? Yes. Is it crazy? A little. Is it worth it? Potentially, for a specific use case.

What's Technically Possible
Rearranging DOM elements is straightforward in principle:

js
// Simplified: move element to new parent or new position in same parent
targetParent.insertBefore(draggedElement, referenceElement);
The problems are in the details:

1. CSS layout breaks. Most modern page layouts use Flexbox or Grid. Moving an element outside its flex/grid context destroys its styling. Moved elements often collapse to zero height, overflow their container, or lose their visual identity entirely.

2. JavaScript event listeners/state. React, Vue, and Angular components aren't just DOM nodes — they're instances with state. Moving the DOM node does NOT move the component state. This results in broken UI, blank components, or hydration errors.

3. Restoration is exponentially harder. Storing "erase this element" is already difficult. Storing "move this element from position A to position B and restore that on next load" is dramatically harder — you need to anchor both the element and its target insertion point, and both can drift independently.

4. display: flex/grid containers. Moving a sidebar from right to left often isn't a DOM position change at all — it's a CSS order property change, or a flex-direction reverse, or a grid column reassignment. The element may already be in the right DOM position, just visually placed by CSS.

The Easier Path: CSS Manipulation Instead of DOM Mutation
For many common restructuring desires ("I want the right sidebar on the left"), CSS is the right tool, not DOM reordering:

css
/* Flip a two-column layout */
.page-container { flex-direction: row-reverse !important; }
/* Change a sticky sidebar's side */
.sidebar { order: -1 !important; }
/* Move something to a fixed position */
.sidebar { position: fixed !important; left: 0 !important; top: 80px !important; }
This is far more resilient than DOM reordering:

It survives React re-renders (the CSS rule persists, the DOM mutation doesn't)
It persists via a <style> tag injection with a predictable id
It's easier to store (a CSS rule string is 50 bytes)
It's easier to undo
A "CSS Reorder" tool that lets users visually inspect what CSS property controls the layout position of a selected element and edit it would be more powerful and more reliable than raw DOM drag-and-drop.

Where Raw DOM Reordering Does Work
Static HTML pages with no framework (documentation pages, GitHub rendered markdown, Wikipedia) are the sweet spot. If the page is server-rendered HTML with no SPA reactivity, a DOM insertBefore will work and stay working until the user reloads. The restoration problem is still real, but at least the initial manipulation doesn't crash.

The Verdict
Don't build DOM drag-and-drop as a general tool. It will be brittle on the sites users most want to rearrange (Reddit, Twitter, news sites — all React/Vue/Next.js).

Do consider a "CSS Nudge" tool — a more constrained, more reliable version of the same idea. Let users select an element, see a set of preset layout transforms (Swap sides, Float left, Float right, Flatten to full-width, Pin to top), and apply them as persisted CSS injections. That's a genuinely novel and useful feature that no other extension does well.

The sidebar-swapping use case you described ("I want my news feed on the left") is almost always a one-line CSS change. Build a tool that finds and applies that one line reliably.











this site has bugs with sticky note styles:
https://superuser.com/questions/608296/how-to-disable-iframes-in-browsers
PINTEREST DOESN'T WORK AT ALL!!!

DONE: 
~~Add mouse scroll to ERASE elements!~~
~~if you click to do a post it note and the eye ball is off, turn it on!~~
~~fix show/hide global persistance~~
~~Apply add deletes to exact page OR domain OR just path etc.~~
~~did the delete dialogue stop showing up inside popup.js?~~
- wire up whenever a user highlights something, make a little popup near their cursor that allows them to choose which highlighter color, a quick shortcut (rather than having to load the tool, the point is to make highlighting as easy and as natural as possible without getting in the way too much)
~~Make clicking on the V logo from a HUD take you to the HOME PAGE??~~
if you're in draw rectangle mode, you can't drag a sticky note (even if you hover over the header, it doesn't work).
- Add total storage size to HOME page (flag when user is getting over 80% of local storage limit?)
Add ability to delete all storage for entire domain from HOME page (you can already delete per page during navigation using the trash icon, etc, but no way to clear an entire site, not sure you'd ever want too, but...)
- make solid circles and squares with a fill (for covering up stuff you can't erase! e.g., can't erase that ad, COVER IT UP!!!)
- If in ERASE mode, and you hover over radial menu, TURN OFF THE SELECTION BORDER!
- Update SELECTION tool to be able to move objects around the page (e.g. select text box and move it somewhere else).
- get rid of eraser cursor! (it's ugly... just have a pointer? can we have a white pointer?)
- fix the resize tool, does it need a HUD? (it's the oldest tool at this point...) Should it have same element fill as eraser tool? It also doesn't set "ACTIVE" when you use the tool in popup.js.


TODO:

thin=16px, medium=24px, thick=36px - this works well for lines, but might be too big for text size?

make all huds consistent look and feel!

FIX HUD MENU DRAG BAR ICONS... (they're way too small!)

wire up right click for sticky notes (also, if you right click and a sticky note is selected, should it give options like: delete, change color, etc? Or is that just gimmicky?)
What if you could right click ANY vellum item?? (e.g. for deletion, would that be the most natural way to select/delete something you don't want anymore??)

Fix mouse cursors when using tools (make it obvious you are in TOOL mode!!! e.g. you put down a text field or two and then try and click on a link and you just place another text field!!!)

TOOLS NEED TO HAVE CUSTOM CURSORS

Consider making tags like in GMAIL. Each color of sticky note/highlighter/etc could be a tag defined by the user. Then they could filter all their saved highlights, notes, etc. by tag. Maybe you don't even need text tags at all, maybe color would be sufficient. If people understood they could filter their sites by color, then they'd get the idea that each color represented whatever they wanted? 

I already have sticky notes for writing text, should I focus on replacing the text tool with a TAGGING system instead? (e.g. you could tag and categorize highlights, sticky's, element selections etc to organize data across the web for a specific theme and then be able to search by all data in that category on the HOME page to quickly see all that data from multiple location in one single location!) Is that a good idea? Does that exist already anywhere?

Settings menu:
Should we add a gear icon to popup.js (near the show/hide eye) or have it be on the home page?
Basically, just a list of boolean checkbox values for most settings (enabled/disabled)
- disable radial menu
- consider making advanced paint tools an option (do paint tools detract from the focus/mission of this app?) (meh, not sure about this, most highlights will probably be done with the quick highlight too, people will probably never use the paint HUD for highlighting to be honest, perhaps we should just remove it from the tool menu.... meh, idk.)
- allow setting keybind shortcuts for tools (in an extension, is it possible to do things like, if you press 'h' on the page, it turns on the highlight tool?)

Optional: Make size of toolbars and radial menus adjustable? (be able to increase the size to make easier to see??) (global setting in settings menu?)

Should clicking hide all exit any active tool? (similar to clicking escape?) Or not, perhaps you'd want to hide noise to focus on something else?? not sure.

Would it be hard to make it so you could ALWAYS select any Vellum object? Why do we need the SELECT tool? Can't we recognize all of our elements instantly? Shouldn't we be able to automatically move or adjust any Vellum object just by clicking on it?? Today it's a little broken because if you have a bunch of paint items on the screen AND sticky notes, the select tool can select paint items, but NOT sticky notes, only the default cursor can select those... (which makes even less sense because the SELECT tool is a hand cursor, while the default cursor transforms to a hand over the header of a sticky, so it's even MORE confusing to users because it's a hand that can't move a sticky!!).


PAID OPTIONS:
- eventually wire up to google drive storage? (paid feature?)
- "Remove things like this" (#11, the "killer feature") — This is the most interesting idea in the whole list. After erasing one element, find structurally similar siblings and offer bulk removal. This plays to FuzzyAnchor's strengths — you could score all siblings of the erased element's parent against the erased element's anchor and surface high-confidence matches. Worth prototyping.

Disable V menu when printing the website page?? (ctrl+p printing)

HMMMM...:

  Why HN showed a broken link: Not a Sites-page bug — it's baked into storage.  
  lib/storage.js:59 keys every item by parsed.pathname only, dropping the query 
  string. HN uses ?id= as the true page identity (each item is a distinct page  
  that shares /item as the pathname), so every HN item you annotate gets lumped 
  under the same /item key, and the Sites-page link (which only knows the
  pathname) goes to https://news.ycombinator.com/item — no id → "No such item."

  This tradeoff is fine for sites where the query is a filter (?sort=new) and   
  breaks for sites where the query is the page (HN, YouTube ?v=, Google search
  ?q=). The cleanest low-risk fix is to keep matching on pathname (preserves    
  anchor-restoration for sticky params) but also store a lastHref on each item
  so the Sites page can link to a URL it has actually seen. Want me to do that
  in a follow-up?


  7. Oversized functions worth splitting

  - updateHUD() — eraser.js:336-420 (84 lines) mixes confidence scoring, ad detection,
  badge building, and DOM updates
  - renderMarker() — marker.js:708-879 (172 lines) handles text rendering, SVG shape
  rendering, and position syncing all in one function


  6. syncBounds / ResizeObserver anchoring pattern

  Both marker and highlighter implement the same "get bounding rect → add scroll offset
  → update wrapper position → watch with ResizeObserver + scroll listener" pattern:
  - content/marker.js:756-771, 833-878
  - content/highlighter.js:428-447

    9. Inconsistent storage access

  popup/popup.js:105-107 hits chrome.storage.local.get() directly rather than going
  through the VellumStorage wrapper. Content scripts do this too in some places. Not a
  bug, since the popup can't access window globals from content scripts, but worth
  noting.